LTI Deep-Linking (#2165)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/modules/ltimodule.md

    - `series=SERIESID` if you have the series ID
    - `series_name=SERIESNAME` if you just have the series name (has to be unique)
    - `lng=LANG` to force a language (the browser language is used otherwise)
- To show a selection dialog to insert opencast content into the LMS via the LTI deeplink protocol

>   ( http://www.imsglobal.org/specs/lticiv1p0 ), use the following parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To show a selection dialog to insert opencast content into the LMS via the
  [LTI deeplink protocol](https://www.imsglobal.org/specs/lticiv1p0), use the following parameters
```

Author: @lkiesow regarding the unsafe part, is this referring to the LTI deeplinking protocol, or the implementation we made?
